####vxassist  -g racdg  make db_rac_srvcfg1 100M layout=log moved to installer util for this volume
vxassist -g racdg -U gen make db_DBNAME_spfile1  4m layout=log 
vxassist -g racdg -U gen make db_DBNAME_control1 256m layout=log
vxassist -g racdg -U gen make db_DBNAME_redo1_11 256m layout=log
vxassist -g racdg -U gen make db_DBNAME_redo1_21 256m layout=log
vxassist -g racdg -U gen make db_DBNAME_redo1_31 256m layout=log
vxassist -g racdg -U gen make db_DBNAME_redo1_41 256m layout=log
vxassist -g racdg -U gen make db_DBNAME_undotbs1 1g   layout=log
vxassist -g racdg -U gen make db_DBNAME_system1  1g   layout=log

vxassist -g racdg -U gen make db_DBNAME_orapwd   4m   layout=log
vxassist -g racdg -U gen make db_DBNAME_spfile2  4m   layout=log
vxassist -g racdg -U gen make db_DBNAME_control2 256m layout=log
vxassist -g racdg -U gen make db_DBNAME_redo2_51 256m layout=log
vxassist -g racdg -U gen make db_DBNAME_redo2_61 256m layout=log
vxassist -g racdg -U gen make db_DBNAME_redo2_71 256m layout=log
vxassist -g racdg -U gen make db_DBNAME_redo2_81 256m layout=log
vxassist -g racdg -U gen make db_DBNAME_undotbs2 1g   layout=log
vxassist -g racdg -U gen make db_DBNAME_temp1    500m layout=log
vxassist -g racdg -U gen make db_DBNAME_oem1     512m layout=log
vxassist -g racdg -U gen make db_DBNAME_users1   2g   layout=log
#vxassist  -g racdg  make db_rac_srvcfg1 100M layout=log

vxedit -g racdg set user=oracle group=dba db_DBNAME_spfile1
vxedit -g racdg set user=oracle group=dba db_DBNAME_control1
vxedit -g racdg set user=oracle group=dba db_DBNAME_redo1_11
vxedit -g racdg set user=oracle group=dba db_DBNAME_redo1_21
vxedit -g racdg set user=oracle group=dba db_DBNAME_redo1_31
vxedit -g racdg set user=oracle group=dba db_DBNAME_redo1_41
vxedit -g racdg set user=oracle group=dba db_DBNAME_undotbs1
vxedit -g racdg set user=oracle group=dba db_DBNAME_system1

vxedit -g racdg set user=oracle group=dba db_DBNAME_orapwd
vxedit -g racdg set user=oracle group=dba db_DBNAME_spfile2
vxedit -g racdg set user=oracle group=dba db_DBNAME_control2
vxedit -g racdg set user=oracle group=dba db_DBNAME_redo2_51
vxedit -g racdg set user=oracle group=dba db_DBNAME_redo2_61
vxedit -g racdg set user=oracle group=dba db_DBNAME_redo2_71
vxedit -g racdg set user=oracle group=dba db_DBNAME_redo2_81
vxedit -g racdg set user=oracle group=dba db_DBNAME_undotbs2
vxedit -g racdg set user=oracle group=dba db_DBNAME_temp1
vxedit -g racdg set user=oracle group=dba db_DBNAME_oem1
vxedit -g racdg set user=oracle group=dba db_DBNAME_users1
