vxassist -g racdg -U gen make db_DBNAME_customer_data       512m
vxassist -g racdg -U gen make db_DBNAME_sub_data_01         4g
vxassist -g racdg -U gen make db_DBNAME_sub_scg_data_01     4g
vxassist -g racdg -U gen make db_DBNAME_resource_data       512m
vxassist -g racdg -U gen make db_DBNAME_service_data        512m
vxassist -g racdg -U gen make db_DBNAME_cce_sys_comp_data   512m
vxassist -g racdg -U gen make db_DBNAME_alar_metr_data_01   2g
vxassist -g racdg -U gen make db_DBNAME_log_data            4g
vxassist -g racdg -U gen make db_DBNAME_billing_data        2g
vxassist -g racdg -U gen make db_DBNAME_mvlog_data          512m

vxassist -g racdg -U gen make db_DBNAME_customer_index      256m
vxassist -g racdg -U gen make db_DBNAME_sub_index_01        2g
vxassist -g racdg -U gen make db_DBNAME_sub_scg_index_01    2g
vxassist -g racdg -U gen make db_DBNAME_resource_index      256m
vxassist -g racdg -U gen make db_DBNAME_service_index       256m
vxassist -g racdg -U gen make db_DBNAME_cce_sys_comp_index  256m
vxassist -g racdg -U gen make db_DBNAME_alar_metr_index     1g
vxassist -g racdg -U gen make db_DBNAME_log_index_01        2g
vxassist -g racdg -U gen make db_DBNAME_billing_index       512m
vxassist -g racdg -U gen make db_DBNAME_cce_temp_data       512m
vxassist -g racdg -U gen make db_DBNAME_cce_arch_data_01    2g

vxedit -g racdg set user=oracle group=dba db_DBNAME_sub_data_01
vxedit -g racdg set user=oracle group=dba db_DBNAME_sub_scg_data_01
vxedit -g racdg set user=oracle group=dba db_DBNAME_resource_data
vxedit -g racdg set user=oracle group=dba db_DBNAME_service_data
vxedit -g racdg set user=oracle group=dba db_DBNAME_cce_sys_comp_data
vxedit -g racdg set user=oracle group=dba db_DBNAME_alar_metr_data_01

vxedit -g racdg set user=oracle group=dba db_DBNAME_log_data
vxedit -g racdg set user=oracle group=dba db_DBNAME_billing_data
vxedit -g racdg set user=oracle group=dba db_DBNAME_mvlog_data
vxedit -g racdg set user=oracle group=dba db_DBNAME_customer_index
vxedit -g racdg set user=oracle group=dba db_DBNAME_sub_index_01
vxedit -g racdg set user=oracle group=dba db_DBNAME_sub_scg_index_01
vxedit -g racdg set user=oracle group=dba db_DBNAME_resource_index
vxedit -g racdg set user=oracle group=dba db_DBNAME_service_index
vxedit -g racdg set user=oracle group=dba db_DBNAME_cce_sys_comp_index
vxedit -g racdg set user=oracle group=dba db_DBNAME_alar_metr_index
vxedit -g racdg set user=oracle group=dba db_DBNAME_log_index_01
vxedit -g racdg set user=oracle group=dba db_DBNAME_billing_index
vxedit -g racdg set user=oracle group=dba db_DBNAME_cce_temp_data
vxedit -g racdg set user=oracle group=dba db_DBNAME_cce_arch_data_01

